hey guys Dave from cook and chair here
and today we're making up a simple yet
elegant little appetizer big muscles if
you're a seafood lover you're going to
love these so let's get started
so what I have here is about half a kilo
of mussels that I've washed and cleaned
so what we're going to do is throw a lid
on this and let it boil for iOS say
about 2 or 3 minutes just until the
shells begin to open now the mussels
have cracked open what you want to do is
take the top shell off and remove the
beard of the mussel okay now what we're
going to do is add two tablespoons of
butter to a preheated pan and this is
about medium heat add in about ten
cloves of chopped garlic and we're going
to stir and saute this just until it's
soft and I would say this take a couple
of minutes
all right the scar looks looking pretty
soft so now I'm going to add in about
three tablespoons of panko breadcrumbs a
pinch of salt and some ground black
pepper and we're going to stir and saute
this just to the point where as well
combined so once you've done that go
ahead and distribute your mussels on to
a baking tray then spoon some of the
garlic mixture over the top and if you
have fairly large mussels I recommend
you use those it just makes like a whole
lot easier after you've done that go
ahead and add your grated cheese over
the top I'm using Monterey Jack here but
you can use just about any kind of
cheese you want actually I guess what
you could do is make these up beforehand
slip them into the fridge and just
before your guests arrive pop them into
the oven so they're nice and hot and
fresh now we're going to slip these into
250 degree preheated oven and let the
bake just until the cheese is melted
this should take oh I'd say seven to ten
minutes
well the mussels are baking don't forget
to click the subscribe button and never
miss a video
now the cheese is nicely melted and
these look and smell fantastic we're
going to sprinkle some fresh parsley
over the top
squeeze some fresh lemon juice over the
top and you're ready to serve and there
you have it our baked muscle these are
succulent garlicky cheesy believe me
guys if you're a seafood lover they make
a great appetizer
head on over to cook and chair comm for
this recipe and many more great recipes
and don't forget to click to subscribe
and like our videos thanks for watching
and see you next time